Testing AI suggestions (#4017)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: scripts/documentation-guidelines.md

Create child device

### Abbreviations
Avoid unfamiliar abbreviations

> Do not use the abbreviations  e.g. and  i.e., which might not be familiar to non-native speakers and are often mixed up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use the abbreviations  **e.g.** and  **i.e.**, which might not be familiar to non-native speakers and are often mixed up.
```

> Instead of e.g., use for example - This phrase is always followed by a comma. If the phrase is not at the beginning of a sentence or preceded by a bracket or a hyphen, it is also preceded by a comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of **e.g.**

use 

**for example** 

This phrase is always followed by a comma.
```

> Instead of i.e., use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of **i.e.** 

use

```

> that is, that means - This phrase is always followed by a comma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**that is**

This phrase is always followed by a comma.
```

> - Replace "e.g." → "for example,"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Replace "i.e." → "that is,"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Replace "etc." → "and so on." or be specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of **etc.** 

use

***an so on

```

Create child device

### Abbreviations
Avoid unfamiliar abbreviations

> Do not use abbreviations that might not be familiar to non-native speakers and are often mixed up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use abbreviations that might not be familiar to non-native speakers.
```

> Do not use the abbreviations  **e.g.** and  **i.e.**, which might not be familiar to non-native speakers and are often mixed up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use abbreviations that might not be familiar to non-native speakers and are often mixed up.
```

Instead of **e.g.**

use 

**for example** 

This phrase is always followed by a comma.

Instead of **i.e.** 

use

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
